Update BF CF docs (#646)
RedisBloom/RedisBloom: docs/commands/cf.info.md

Either

> - @array-reply with argument names and values (@simple-string-reply - @integer-reply pairs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- @array-reply with argument names and values (@simple-string-reply/@integer-reply pairs)
```

> - @error-reply on error (invalid arguments, key not exist, wrong key type, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- @error-reply on error (invalid arguments, key does not exist, wrong key type, and so on)
```
